hi everybody got a couple more knives to
show you here today this one here is the
Spyderco persistence let's pull it out
and get right to it okay okay there we
have it we have a neat little knife
actually a real cool knife for everyday
carry something to keep in your pocket
that's kind of what what I was looking
for with this one this is a liner-lock
knife it has the g10 scales it's
fiberglass material full liners you can
see there the liners are skeletonized to
save weight so if we see in there you
can kind of see the little holes drilled
in the liners that is for weight savings
now the weight on this knife they do
specify at three point three ounces
I just weighed it and it weighed in at
three point seven ounces so I think
they're fitting a little bit on the
weight weight and that range does make a
big difference in your pocket but three
point seven still acceptable I to check
my scale I actually weighed a knife at
weighed 3.7 ounces and was specified
three point seven and it still says
three point seven on the scale but so
does this one even though it's respect
lower so I think three point seven is
probably accurate for this so couple
neat things about the knife I'll flip it
up and we've got the thumb thumb hole
opening there typical of the Khalif
shape blade real broad blade it's a flat
grind very sharp it comes really sharp
out of the box you can shave with it you
can cut paper don't cut yourself you
have a lanyard hold lanyard hold here at
the bottom your liner lock oh it locks
up very tight I don't have any play side
to side or up and down there are
phosphorylation here so it's really it's
really quality made piece and for a
pretty reasonable price actually you
have Jim
and a thumb ramp here so your hand
doesn't slide into the blade if you're
pushing with it and then then of course
the lock here you do have some some
blade retention there's a detent there
so it's it's got a decent amount of
force it's not super hard to open but
it's not going to pop open in your
pocket either so really cool blade what
they call pillar construction so it's an
open back with little pillars keeping
the scales apart there one thing that's
real neat about it is the pocket clip it
has a rounded edge for one so it doesn't
catch on stuff when you're walking by or
scratch things when you're walking by
I've noticed that's actually a problem
with some of them that are squared off
and if sharp corners here when you walk
by something piece of furniture or
something that will scratch it so that's
one thing nice to note at the Spyderco
spider logo there one other thing the
some knives are tip up carry tip of the
blade up summer tip down this is
actually ambidextrous tip up or tip down
because you have mounts for the pocket
clip top and bottom both sides so you
can move that clip to wherever you want
it to suit how you like to carry so very
flexible that way but there you go
Spyderco persistence oh the blade is 1/8
inch thick
seems pretty stout actually for a blade
of this size blade is two and a quarter
inches actually uh sorry 2.75 inches so
it's a good good medium sized blade you
know you can open boxes you can do
whatever test you need it to you can
slice Tomatoes and it's going to work
for you the steel is eight CR 13 MOV
which I understand is a pretty good
steel a little on the softer side but
it's easy to sharpen and works really
well I hear it's kind of like a Noss
steel so that's super pricey but it's a
pretty good steel so it's going to work
out well for you alright well there it
is Spyderco persistence check it out
thanks for watching we'll see you guys
next time